Add documentation for adding a new track (#279)
exercism/docs: building/tracks/new/join-our-community.md

# Join our community

> To help interact with other maintainers (and mentors), we've created a Slack workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help interact with other maintainers (and mentors), we have created a Slack workspace.
```

This is a great place to plan your track and to get help from other maintainers.
It is also the place where we'll regularly post updates on things we're working on.

> To get access to this workspace, please email erik@exercism.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get access to this workspace, please email [erik@exercism.io](mailto:erik@exercism.io?subject=Exercism Slack Access Request).
```
